coturn docs update [skip ci] (#748)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/coturn.md

# See: https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/develop/charts/coturn/values.yaml
# And: https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/develop/charts/coturn/README.md

# use nodeSelector only if you are planning on using less than 3 pods in your installation and wish to pin coturn to specific nodes
nodeSelector:
  wire.com/role: coturn

replicaCount: 3
coturnTurnListenIP: "__COTURN_POD_IP__"
coturnTurnExternalIP: "__COTURN_EXT_IP__"
coturnTurnRelayIP: "__COTURN_POD_IP__"
```

> Annotate nodes with the wire.com/external-ip annotation if you are behind 1:1 NAT to make coturn aware of its external IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotate nodes with the wire.com/external-ip annotation if the nodes are behind a 1:1 NAT. This is to make coturn aware of its external IP address.
```
